Now here is another thing we will be doing in our user expense design process which is hierarchical
task inventory.
Okay.
Now don't get confused with this term and don't think that this is very difficult or this is very simple.
And why we do it.
We are actually building all the different tasks a user can perform or a work rule for example an administrator
can perform in our system in our app in our e-commerce store or whatever we are building.
OK so we are actually building a hierarchical structure hierarchical structure of all the different
tasks a user can or persona can do within our system.
So this is actually our boundary diagram.
We are defining the boundary of our system that these are the tasks that users can only do.
He cannot do other task or anything as for example in our case a shopper or a busy mom or our personas
that are going to be our customers can browse products search products filter products add to Card Act
or wishlist et cetera.
So actually we are defining the boundaries that this user can do these many things.
So we are going to decide later on that which features we are going to build or not add to wish and
things like that so.
So these are the things he or she can do log in sign up and other task inventory items.
So we are actually defining the whole boundary of our system.
This is very important.
So our developers or our development team they go they don't go into wrong directions and try to build
something else which we are not including in the task inventory.
Now this task inventory is actually providing all the different task user is needs and needs to perform
to achieve their goals.
So this is actually what we have listed in our user stories and we are going to build all different
task from there and we can also break up these tasks into sub tasks.
So there could be two tasks under one task so we can do that to now here is a task hierarchical model
for our shopper which is our work role and you can say we have different personas within that but this
these are actually all the tasks they can do a shopper can search look a dress view product ideas Add
to Cart logon enter order details like address phone numbers and things like that.
Then we have checkout then we have you can see sub tasks for checkout on the right we have one point
eight point one which is checkout via email and checkout why a phone number so there are two dos subtypes
within this checkout then we have create our account to order which is sign up creating a new account.
Add to Favorites our wish list then we have post comments or reviews.
So these are all the things they are going to define our system boundary that these are the tasks are
user by shopper can perform similarly we can build the same model for our administrator of the site
for our C or the person who is going to see the reports sales reports that will be different set of
tasks for them.
So we this is actually called hierarchical task inventory and this is this is going to tell us what
is the boundary of our system.
These are the tasks we are going to build so that is all.
If you have any questions do ask me about this task inventory diagram I hope you have enjoyed this lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.